updates to different articles chapter (#2409)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/open/open-access.md

Funders have also taken action by becoming publishers themselves (referred to as Diamond Open Access). Platforms such as [Open Research Europe](https://open-research-europe.ec.europa.eu/) and [Wellcome Open Research](https://wellcomeopenresearch.org/) are Open Access publishing platforms for researchers funded by that specific funder.
Funders see this as a service for their grantees- allowing them a venue to publish rapidly and openly for free (funders cover the cost of the infrastructure and the article processing charges) and to have more flexibility than publishing in a journal.

> These platforms allow researchers to publish a range of article types beyond the 'traditional research article', such as data notes, software tool articles, methods, research notes and more. You can find out more about publishing different article types in our chapter [here](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/communication/dif-articles.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These platforms allow researchers to publish a range of article types beyond the 'traditional research article', such as data notes, software tool articles, methods, research notes and more. You can find out more in our {ref}`Chapter on Publishing Different Article Types<cm-dif-articles>`.
```
